---
layout: post
title:  "Taking my next step"
date:   2017-06-15 03:22:02 +0000
---

My first experience with coding involved putting Backstreet Boys music as the soundtrack to a website completely devoted to me, Tyler Gotto. Oh and unfortunately for anyone who would actually stay on this narcissistic site for more than 10 seconds; there was no way to turn off the music. That experience was the last time I worked with code before my recent resurgence, quite the time lapse. Now I am back and am extremely excited I have come full circle to a place in my life where creating with code is fun, challenging and something I am looking forward to learning more about. I have just retired from a professional career playing ice hockey in Europe.  Over the last two years is when my interest in web development came to a boiling point. I think part of my push to get into this field was all the eye opening examples I saw in Europe of how badly some websites and applications are designed. I continually found myself on a website thinking, “This is terrible, I could do better” and then finally I decided, “You know what, I will do better”. So that led me to finding different websites which could help me teach myself to code. I worked this last year on a lot of different sites and courses and learned what I could, but there was always a wall I would hit. Thats why I am here, enrolled with Flatiron and coding on Learn, I am really excited that this will take me to the next level in my coding journey. The community is great, it is so easy to find the help you need and there are countless resources to help you keep moving when you feel that you have hit that wall. My goal is to finish this program and find a job where I truly enjoy what I am doing and challenged each day to continue learning. These feelings are what I believe you need to want if you want to work in this field; so I hope the fit is seamless. 
