---
layout: post
title:  "Building the Tgots-Cli-app"
date:   2017-07-06 13:28:00 +0000
---

So I built my first Object Oriented CLI app, literally I just finished trying to make the user experience a little more bearable. But the real battle I had with this project was first trying to figure out something I wanted to build, and something that was worth scraping. At first all my ideas came with scraping static webpages which I thought wouldn't do the lab its full service as it is only really worth having my CLI do something and scrape the internet if it is giving me new information. So once I finally committed on something to build I was excited to get to work. I had a few moments when I thought the computer was broken or that open-uri was not doing its job properly. I emailed people on the web, read every forum on countless subjects, and then finally realized I accidentally created an indefinite loop and all I had to do was take it out and everything was back to working. It pretty much seems that is how it always works out. My CLI-app ask’s for a zip code, it then uses an object to create a url with that zip code interpolated into it for my scraper object to scrape. The url is then scraped by my scraper object which call’s on the day object to create instances of its class, each of which have the information about the weather for a day in that zip codes 5 day weather forecast. My CLI object then uses these objects and its own methods to create a CLI interface the user can use. I feel I could definitely make this cli-app a lot better with more in-depth info and a better user experience, but for the moment I am very happy with it, I have been testing it the last few days and I am really happy with what I created, now I am enthusiastic to get to the next level of creating.
